[doc] Add README instructions to build using Docker CLI (#1275)
aws/deep-learning-containers: README.md

                       --py_versions py3
    ```

> ### Building your image using Docker CLI

Reviewer: Note: if we add this to our README, we'll have to support questions/issues associated with building images directly through docker CLI. It will be worth it to call out (in a note) that this is not a regularly tested operation

Author: Done. Please take a look at the "Note:" section.

> To build individual dockerfiles with a much more granular look at layer builds, you can use Docker CLI commands to build DLC
> images by following these steps:

Reviewer: Nit: we're building images, not dockerfiles here - also there are other use cases than getting a granular look at layers. I'd change this sentence to the following:

```suggestion
If you want to build your docker image directly with Docker CLI instead of using our build scripts, follow these steps below:
```
